1) In Stopwatch, Lap is displayed with the oldest first, then number 2, 3, etc..
Brian would like for the newest added Lap to be the first on the list, so we
should reverse the showing of Laps in the list, from oldest in top -> to newest in top.

Zaptech : Done

2) "Share this app" does not work (maybe on purpose??)
Zaptech : What’s not working in share ? We are just opening Email / Facebook window blank . send us text you want to share.

3) If I try to add playlist "My Favorites" which is a standard in Iphone standard Music app, the App crashes.
Zaptech:

4) When playing from SOME playlists the "play / pause" button does not work. Have not been able to find a system in this error - it happens randomly.
Zaptech :

5) Iphone goes in sleep mode when using the App - as already mentioned the App should always stay active and only close using Iphone Home button...
Zaptech : Done

6) In the play area, user can in top of the screen, select "wheel" on the left and "Playlist" on the right.
If you press "Playlist" it sends user into Iphone standard Music app again. This should open the playlist already being played,
so that user quickly can jump to a different song in the same playlist.
Zaptech :

7) If you have added ex. 3 playlists to "my favorite playlist" and then delete the second last added
- goes out of "my favorite playlist", and then back again, it has erased the last added instead of the one actually deleted.
Zaptech :

8) I have a couple of times experienced that when adding the playlist "Recently Added" which is also a standard in Iphone standard Music app,
this playlist ("Recently Added") is overwritten by other playlist.
Zaptech :

9) "Stopwatch" resets when selecting new Playlist - this is not appropriate as it happens during a session/spinning-class that instructor have to change "CD"
or in this case Playlist so you still need the same management of the time. This leads to the following additions to "settings"
which we agreed would come during the development of the Music App:

User can choose following options for

Stopwatch:

A) Never Reset.
B) Reset by new Playlist.
C) Reset if the App is inactive for 60 minutes.
D) Starts automatically when hitting GO
E) Follow the play/pause function
F) Reset to default settings.  

Zaptech :





10) It seems that the app retrieves old data from Iphone standard Music app
 - It shows old songs from ex. the standard album "Most Played" or other themes that no longer exists.
These songs obviously can not be played faced with "GO".
Zaptech : 

11) It is annoying that under "add playlist" user can not see the playlists he/she already added to the App (Favourite playlist).
My suggestion is to make the "ADD" button in the list "grey" on the playlists that has already been added.
Zaptech : 


12) If I start playing a playlist and then goes back to "Wheel" the playlist keeps playing, WHICH IS OK,
but if I then Add a new playlist to "Wheel" the playlist (playing now) stops playing. The playlist already
playing should not stop until user hits GO. Overall user should be able to move around the App,
without disturbing/interfere with the "Play Area" - only when hitting GO, the playlist playing will stop.
Zaptech : 
